Okay, what's up, what's up, what's up my people,
forgive me, forgive me, we don't care, [ __ ], I
put it on Twitter, I said it's too late
to do a direct and a little bit more
and it's killing me and I don't know about you guys, what's wrong with not
sleeping, you always always want sauce
at any time of day, well, you have the
PSE or is this live going to be a
quick live, okay, because it's 3:25 in
Spain, okay, I'm going to be here for an hour or
so, I'm going to comment on a couple of things
here that I found curious, I'm not going to
put the chat up today, not even for
members only, okay, I'll leave it in your hands, I'll leave it in
your hands, okay, behave yourselves,
okay, why, because I have to
get into the program, put it
for members only and I'm not going to do it, okay,
whoever wants to be a member and whoever doesn't, let them make us a
member, you'll know, you
know what you're doing, okay, if it
works well, I'll do more live shows at
any time of day, if not, next
time I'll fall asleep, it's up to you, okay,
and let's see, let's see, let's see
who the participants are
confirmed for marbella you go
marbella by paula come on paula it was about time
paula it was about time it was about time I think
okay let's see I was going to go of course he's
supposed to be the creator not the founder or
the one who came up with the idea no I don't have this
at full throttle it
's at full throttle they're going to screw me
what the [ __ ]
to sew my balls up with this stop well and
vice of course shut up you old
[ __ ] shut up already la la la this
guy this guy is hot I
have to do it I'll give you a sneak peek I'll give you a sneak peek
okay he's
going to eat a video he's going to eat a
video on the main channel this guy is
going to eat a video if I can tomorrow I'll
record it okay my girlfriend said him or me and I don't
regret anything blushing face I didn't
understand much your hanger
thank you very much for the gift but I don't want to
understand it Andrés welcome I
don't know if I'll be able to tomorrow because tomorrow I
'll be in the afternoon surely with
tortosa and crack I don't know if I remembered
tortosa and crack who is a youtuber of
prank calls and such we were going to
do  a joke but I'm not going to
tell you who because she's a
very famous person
and I want her to do well okay the blond
okay
good participant Christi line good
participant also the little I know of
this girl I
don't know if she changes her mind at some
point but I like her I like her I've
said it on several occasions and I like her I like her
talk same man and of
course Juan how glad I am how
glad I am of how you're growing and that he's
everywhere dude how
glad I am that he's everywhere dude I'm
so glad
Maximus well I have no opinion
on the matter I haven't seen anything good or
bad about him I know he
's from the group I know he's friends with the
blond and so on but well so
far look and look and of course I
have to invite Ari today she was healthy
very ugly for Juan but first I have to
invite Ari to come one day to a
live show to chat with us what would you
think about a day one too but
first I would do and I'm sorry Juan Arista
first Anderson welcome Rey
welcome I have to invite her I have to
invite so I
chose you  lollipop
gloomy face gloomy face
gloomy face pink face but why are you
gloomy lonely man well I think it's
correct this guy cinema of expensive I
have no idea who Carola's name is
no idea
Celine I don't know who she is either
and they don't know her very well because she has
n't even been able to ask her age this this this I wouldn't have invited him I wouldn't have
invited him I wouldn't have
invited him also today he has been
serious a little rude from what I've seen
artemio thank you very much for becoming a
member today he posted some some
funny thing of his serious okay it turns out that
the blond
here here the blond posted this tweet I do
n't know who it's for if you can tell me
that someone sent me a super chat in
which he says the biggest enemy of a
content creator is their own ego I don't know if it
will be some video ok but greg posted this
if you're painting me we know that we
can do this right and whatever we
want okay
but going after a person all the time
when you've already killed their identity
I know how funny the guy is laugh so they
leave or not but seriously  I wouldn't have
invited him I wouldn't have invited him
because because he was completely interested
in Arcadia his true colors were obvious I would
n't have invited him I would have left him
out completely and that's it, screw
him okay victimizer victimizer
I'm glad to see you here because I
wanted to discuss something with you
Aberdeen and Mario today is directing Mario today and
by the way you have a thread on my
kids dotcom about this okay as he
posted this thread okay I always get involved
in a lot of things not related to FIFA
okay I don't
know if this is true it's a lie that he
always gets involved in a lot of things that aren't
FIFA like the Force Line tournament in his day,
charity events of all
kinds even LOL or recently the
Russian and the arch okay one of the few things that I haven't been
able to follow has been Art it could be seen in
my streaming that my PC didn't play it
we were criticizing this here okay I mean it's
not that your PC won't play it's that you also
had no interest in what to play and
that's how look, send me something about the
blond's indirect message let's see
[Music] it
's well monetized  bastard case
from the clip
[Music]
the gossip youtube
welcome mariana
about a clip that i hadn't
realized existed of the blond if
in question they asked him in his live
two days ago that well they donated to him
and they told him something like how good
that there was going to be a play now since he
himself was more or less the one who had
twizy to fool not to invite him so well
to what this apparently to
blonds of annoying that it bothered him that
precisely this donation I
started
and now he is going to be or not be like that
your life
I move stupid stupid
healthy there was nothing
wrong with that comment or rather the only thing
they have put in that comment was that how
good that they invited someone because the one with the
most numbers so literally blond be
yours you are nobody compare with euro in
play the number one is aurum plate I have
said it a lot of times
aurum play [ __ ] whoever it is [ __ ]
the blond has more subscribers
because it is older whatever but the
laurel today is point number
one it is already okay well the
pce that did not throw whatever you
want  The victimizer didn't want people to
throw themselves at me because he didn't want to, he didn't want to be
in the series. At first, you signed up, you
said yes, but then, well, no, he didn't
thank you because your friends weren't there
and for whatever reason I didn't want to play. That's it,
dude, but I said, you just could
n't feel like playing and that you could
n't feel like I was going to play and that I didn't understand [ __ ] about the
game. xv Well, since I don't know how to fill it,
there's a fandom, I don't even know what youtubers it
was and I don't care that every time I talk
about the new GTA Marbella series of 8,
welcome, they come at me with, but if you
don't play later, rat and cheese, well, that's how
their followers behave, victimizers,
I want you to know and be clear about it,
okay, your followers are FIFA kids who
behave like this when you're told
your truths, okay, and the worst thing is that it doesn't
only happen to me but to several
youtubers who tried it and for whatever reason
lasted a day on the server, and putting the
kily toxicity out seems
great to me, deal, and mario seems
great to me and you can decide which
series to play and which not to play, you can
play  wherever you want but what
happens is that you have to be more
direct okay no there's no PC I mean
a guy who goes to the resistance and
says he has a million euros in the
bank and that he dedicates himself giving many
thanks to gaming okay why do you dedicate yourself
to gaming that my PC doesn't run games
well
victory welcome but that it doesn't run that
you have a shitty PC
that didn't want to play and that's it dude but go straight
ahead dude and then don't complain
no sir about what people tell you and
don't say that it's the funk where I don't know what
youtuber okay
man my foundling has read me a lot
I'm very glad that they counted on
you
Auron machine of course it had to be there it has to be
but if it's very good goes I don't
know who it is who
Carolina Abril is well I don't know either
kleenex I
was already falling asleep but it's for SEO and
the salsero doesn't let it the salsero doesn't let it I mean
if you're going to sleep I'm sorry I don't
know who this girl is streamer webcam
air with jaber that of olé caps what is
the cant ole
k
Huesca
look what I tried look what I try to live off
this is Nicolas thank you very much
welcome look what I try to live off
YouTube but there isn't a day that I
make a direct point there isn't a day that I make
a direct point that I can't
charge please [ __ ] how was I going to
know how was I going to know let's see if they
invited you to Marbella country [ __ ]
land invited Marbella goes to and gets
invited to Marbella mai and she's a girl
from Huesca but look for me on webcam he
passes me off as a critic this one and
vice of the salchichón squadron well I don't
know him from 8 thanks to fighting that
guy but well salchichón squadron is
also worth this great Peter's
church is good I don't know him now they already
hung this [ __ ] guy it's that we've
eaten all the chick's yogurt there we haven't
eaten edited the yogurt aso they said
or a javi where did you present let's see it's
four in the morning it's not a
problem a
reference -13
hello javi what have I missed well you
're lost a yogurt
I couldn't reach it  let's see I promise
I will need April from that actress no because I did
n't know I didn't know if I
hadn't opened that twitter but I promise I
promise I haven't gotten to see it he
knows well and if she had hair or not thanks
for encouraging me all night at work I'm
glad Diana thanks to you for the super
chat well hdl you don't have it either
jajajajajajajajajajajajajajajaja is it
funny that no no that I don't eat I don't
find it funny that I connect and I'm not going to
get a penny for the intellect and
his ra totally efe totally efe
to this guy and yes there are
a lot of people here with a lot of followers but I know who blades is I quote blades and I know who he is I spoke to this kid once I mean this kid is from Spain rp scar thank you very much destroyer immortal age doesn't stop us but a boom came in rage thank you very much the one
to squeeze also well I don't like
his risk very much how do I get into the
telegram group income from my weapon to
hear my name in your  beautiful voice
lollipop lollipops and well if what happens
is that this story in the telegram group
putting pressure on me to do it live
all [ __ ] days and for you guys I would
be out 24 hours tomorrow you know in the
telegram group when the
live starts where everything is worth it the group the
telegraph asks for the charisma that you put in
if you are my weapon send them a screenshot of your
birthday and I would be excited if they
congratulated me that made you go and
congratulations and I hope to see you around here for
many more years
sly ones who have no [ __ ] idea no [ __ ] idea about
hygiene is
going to release a book he plays everything except
gta
troll tüttös he doesn't have it either he's from
elche and also has a strange session
for bread
ah I consume it falls like a kick in
the [ __ ] balls it falls like a kick
in the [ __ ] balls
for fans I don't know who it is but he doesn't
put me on anyone's profile anymore if he doesn't
want to I'm left without knowing mirage
half and half well we'll have to see how you
play gemita we'll have to see how they
play gemita what things no what things
he says he has never circled in his life but I know that the server is not for the 9 role it was not a server this one is already but everything he does he does it with great enthusiasm and he is squeezing it dhabi link is not coming either this one with the tattoos on the neck is not
the one from the top games academy but the one that
is all you will
see that there are many people who are not
known al capone well al capone al
capone was good al capone was I
know him from the controversy with ar and with wind
and I do not know who it is whether this one or this
gentleman this gentleman who is only a
year and a half older than me
although it seems like a host that I am a
real slacker that is why they do not invite me
anywhere of you or if I have
for everyone and I have you for it is that I was not going
to say that having being honest being
honest and he is a friend of town and I
pretend the same as this man what
happens what today we have not recorded a
video because the debate has not
seemed to start directly until now
because we were watching the debate for
the end we decided not to record because there was
not much substance but tomorrow is like that but
what continues  Tomorrow if there is a video, parrot,
I pretend the one from December,
never the parental and the arcas nijar,
no idea who is verified and that's it, they have
n't announced anyone else so far,
well, nothing, what do
you think of the
casting, what do you think of getting the
casting from Marbella, go
Marbella vice, it
seems to me that a lot of people are missing, they won't be
invited, demand that they want to
hang from Spain, it's good for me, a gift, they're going
to invite, no way, it's as if they
invited me, well, we're going for
convertibility, but not that much, damn
it.